Nomad: add more cross-references around WI for template blocks (#2868)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/nomad/v1.10.x/content/docs/secure/acl/consul.mdx

</CodeBlockConfig>

If a `consul` block is not defined, then the workload identity will not have the
`consul_namespace` claim, since Nomad is not able to determine which Consul
namespace will be used. Remember that without a `consul` block, Nomad will only

> apply default identities for services and not tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `consul` block is not defined, then the workload identity does not have the
`consul_namespace` claim, since Nomad is not able to determine which Consul
namespace to use. Remember that without a `consul` block, Nomad only
applies default identities for services and not tasks.
```

Author: Some day I'll remember this :grin:
